docs(sem): review sem-terraform tuto (#3254)
scaleway/docs-content: tutorials/sem-terraform/index.mdx

<Macro id="iam-requirements" />

- A Scaleway account logged into the [console](https://console.scaleway.com/)
- [Owner](/identity-and-access-management/iam/concepts/#owner) status or [IAM permissions](/identity-and-access-management/iam/concepts/#permission) allowing you to perform actions in the intended Organization
- A valid [API key](/identity-and-access-management/iam/how-to/create-api-keys/)
- [Created an SSH key](/identity-and-access-management/organizations-and-projects/how-to/create-ssh-key/)

## Clone the GitHub repository and configure your environment variables

The Scaleway [GitHub repository](https://github.com/scaleway/tutorial-sem-terraform) contains all the code you need to deploy your infrastructure.

1. Open a terminal and clone the repository to your local machine using the following command:

        ```bash
        git clone git@github.com:scaleway/tutorial-sem-terraform.git
        ```
2. Access the `tutorial-sem-terraform` directory:

    ```bash
    cd tutorial-sem-terraform
    ```

> 3. Paste the following command in your terminal. Make sure that you replace the placeholder values (`<SCWxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx>`) with your own.

Author: ```suggestion
3. Paste the following command in your terminal to configure your environment variables. Make sure that you replace the placeholder values with your own.
```
